bring to your attention the groom and
the bride is another 200
on dvr
is universal
however, its main purpose
is using as
car dvr
so as supplied
swivel bracket with suction cup
allowing to fix
video camera on the car window
video camera shoots high-quality color
signed video
640 by 480 resolution
and at 30 frames per second
avi format
the viewing angle on this model is 72
degrees
on camcorder
can be turned on and off manually
and begins to build a built fishing rod
movements
In this mode, the recording is automatically
starts with significant
image changing field
video recorder view
m including two minutes after
when movement stops
This mode allows you to perform
shooting only need moments of time
and by this
save battery and place on
memory card
also this DVR model
can work in camera mode
and voice recorder
on the camera body is colored
display
with which it is convenient to manage
record modes to control
shooting process and view
footage directly to her
built-in battery camera
200 charges from standard
the charger didn't beat me
cigarette lighter charger
the car
in front of computer
from one battery charge camera
can estimate about one and a half two hours
video
it should be noted that this
camera model is capable
record video in progress
charging with a special cable
Denis kif supplied
in this case the activity
video limited only by volume
cards in a panic
saving and video produced on the card
microsd memory up to 16 gigabytes
when connected camcorder
computer it is defined as
standard audible removable disk
at the same time to transfer their video files
view not require
install any additional
programs or drivers
one hour of video taking about 2
gigabyte on a memory card
on the camera body is located
on / off switch
camcorders
switching recording modes
start stop button
buttons for switching tracks in the mode
play
memory card slot
and did he beat now
with video coaches
produced by the same camcorder 200 you
can read the corresponding
section of our site